Hello thompson learning suraj speaking how can i help you. 
I have thyroids it's me natalie. 
Hi-yah. You back then. Yeah yeah i got back on monday. So how was it. 
Do the holiday itself was great. Getting there was a bit of a nightmare to be honest. 
They tightened up so much on security is such a palaver. 
Baymax to search my bag about 10 times. Can you believe they confiscated my tweezers. 
They said they could be used as an offensive weapon and joking that's so over-the-top. 
What do they think you're going to do. Hulk the pilot to death. 
They said they were to shop i could stab someone with them. That's ridiculous. 
But you must have been furious. I would have kicked up a right first. 
I know but there's no point making is seen that can make things really awkward for you you 
know i was it was we only just got to the boarding gate on time 
it was sending out announcements telling us our bags were going to be taken off the plane. 
You made it in the ender. Yeah just about. 
We would probably the last one was on though because too few desi looks when we get down. 
Amen and we has all the hassle of passport control that you know they take 
your fingerprint results of questioning is quiet jefe. And i'm sure they pick on me more. 
The really make me feel unwelcome. That's also. Dolphins gumtree. 
I know we got to guard against terrorist attacks and all that but. So over-the-top now. 
People just paranoid. It's scary i know but you know i was watching this program about 
new terrell owens live introduced. Power rangers. They all bought. They can basically 
arrest people and hold them without trial for as long as they like and without any evidence. 
Infringement on civil liberties. Yeah i did actually see this great film kneel today. 
It's a bit complicated i won't go into the whole story but basically. 
It's about these muslim woman and she ends up being interrogated by the police because 
that questioning some other guy she knows anyway. The policeman goes to tell us what you 
know about him and she says i don't know what am i supposed to know. 
And the policeman goes i don't know that's why i'm asking you. 
And she's like well how am i supposed to tell you something i don't know when you don't 
know what it is that i don't know. And the policeman just says well that's your problem. 
I mean locker open the self it was so upset you know complete catch-22. 
Well that's it. But apparently that's more like how this new legislation was. 
Honestly. Frightening. Angelita miscarriages of justice. Yeah. Eddie white listen. 
I didn't mean to get into a conversation strictly speaking i should be using this phone 
to personal calls. So anyway i was just wondering if you wanted to meet up later. 
Errands after work. I am actually. Show me even the usual place around 6. Yeah great. 
We can catch up a bit more then. Yeah i'll look forward to it see you bye. 