Welcome.to.the in company business podcast korea sport. Forget about spelling switch off your grandma check and you just might email your way to the top of the corporate ladder. 
According to research by professor david evans of vanderbilt university into what your email says about your career prospects sloppy hastily written emails correctly sign of leadership potential. 
Hi stages people in a company he says send shorter messages and they have the worst grandma and spelling in the firm. 
This isn't because they are the least educated they just don't have time to waste on the small stuff. 
Onz study shows that high flies invest multimin face male. Face-to-face meetings with those they need to liaise with or persuade. 
This leaves them just a few brief moments during the day to dash off emails confirming what was decided making last-minute changes i'm tying up any loose ends. 
Frequently the emails of natural-born leaders a no more than a phrase. Fine by me let's do it. Okay see you at the meeting. 
The neatly paragraph 300 word email with a 5 megabyte attachment on the other hand is strictly for corporate losses. 
The message it sends is my job is so undemanding and lacking in challenge or responsibility i have hours to cross this email into a work of art.. 
Reply to old usually indicates a time-waster. Wealth anyone who uses the blank carbon copy to secretly involved the boss in emails to colleagues is a pool player of office politics and definitely not to be trusted. 
Lindsey's research also reveals that anyone who has a habit of forwarding jokes or sending animated electronic greetings cards is destined never to reach the level of senior management. 
An overuse of smileys and other more elaborate emoticons further undermines professionalism and guarantees you won't be taken seriously. 
According to irene's office jokers play an important social role. They boost morale and they're unlikely to be fired but they don't very often get promoted. But is it really true that bad email is good. 
A study attributed to cambridge university and widely circulated on the internet. Games that bad spelling at least is not much of a barrier to communication. 
And surveys suggest that when native english speakers receive emails from natives the last thing they care about is the grandma. 
If you want to stay on the executive fast track. Don't waste your time on email you supposed to be much too busy. 
